They won't be escaping.
The scout plane made sure of that.
We'll pin them down and
assassinate the enemy scientist.
A-A-Assassinate?!
According to that gentleman, Mr. Gen,
there's only one OP scientist.
In other words, in order to bring
down the Youth Kingdom of Science...
we need only to erase their leader,
Doctor Taiju.
That's a legit good idea!
B-B-But can you really pull that off?
We can.
How?
I can.
Oh, Mr. Gen, if Stan says he can do it,
you have no reason to ask him anything else.
It can be done.
I'm so sorry, Doctor Taiju-chan.
I need to tell him to beware of
the assassin headed his way...
But they'd obviously eavesdrop on our radios.
And there's no way to get in touch
with them when I'm being watched.
This is pretty bad.
Can we really trust this Gen guy?
Trust?
Anyone who trusts an enemy defector should
get their head checked right away.
I'll keep him until he
gives up some information.
He's almost certainly an enemy spy.
R-Right!
Of course he is! I knew that!
I just wanted to make sure you weren't
letting your guard down, Stanley.
Yup, I was just testing.
Why are you stopping, Luna?
Y-You're just going too fast!
Check this out, miss!
I'm carrying five more bottles than he is!
My ass you are!
I know you're filling each one
with less water to fake it!
Carlos! Max! You're both late!
It couldn't have been that
hard to get food and water.
It's so much, though!
Why do we need so much?
You won't catch me whining, miss!
Unlike this wannabe pick-up artist!
Your legs are shaking like a newborn deer!
Mister elephant!
Don't!
You're so useless.
All right, fine. You're leaving me no choice.
I'll help carry some.
You mustn't, miss!
I'll take care of all of it!
You can give up acting tough!
Just take a nap! I'll carry it!
They're totally hopeless.
Luna, you aren't carrying any.
But those two can't...
Let me make it clear:
I never said you don't have to.
I said you aren't.
Don't leave evidence on your body
that you did any heavy lifting.
You still have work after this.
Work?
The air's stagnant.
Not a good sign.
You can always trust a sailor's instincts.
Is that the enemy ship?
It's huge!
W-Wow.
That enemy science guy isn't bad.
Though there's no way he's as good as Xeno.
Is that for measuring the
temperature and humidity?
And that's a wind vane?
Brought to us by our ever-caring Doctor Xeno.
I told him I can figure it out by feel.
Though, the more data I have,
the more certain I can be.
Why are you checking the weather?
Are you doing weather forecasts or something?
The weather affects my bullet velocity.
You aren't gonna...
From this distance?!
I'm sniping him.
Snipe...
I'm taking out the enemy science leader
with Xeno's sniper rifle of science.
Snipe?!
Yep, that's right.
We avoid a full-on confrontation
and eliminate key targets,
finishing combat with minimal casualties.
Sniping is the most elegant,
scientific means of warfare, is it not?
We've already got a read on
them with our scout plane.
This is the optimal position.
Y-You're killing them?
Just the enemy science leader.
Don't you think that's a little too cruel?
Just kidding!
But I gotta make sure these
two don't chicken out, right?
You're so cool, miss!
S-So, so cool! You're the best!
Also... what's that job for me
you were talking about earlier?
What's with this striped outfit?
You look fantastic.
Well, Stanley's a guy, after all.
Must be his thing.
She's just so pretty.
Each stripe is five inches.
You're a tape measure.
I can line you up to get a
precise distance to the target.
Luna, you're just about the same age as them.
They'll be the least suspicious of you.
Get on the ship and find their
leader scientist, Doctor Taiju.
I only need three seconds.
Bring him out on the deck for three
seconds, and give me a signal.
I'll take him out in a single shot.
I'm the cool-headed Luna.
I'm Luna, a capable woman!
They would've survived if they'd taken
the ship out into the open seas.
They only stayed because they
can't leave their buddies behind.
Can't expect much grit from a bunch of kids.
Knowing that...
they're bound to come to the rescue
if they see a chick begging for help.
Help me!
They sent in a spy,
so we'll counter with a spy ourselves.
What's wrong? Are you all right?
Help me, please!
I barely escaped from the
terrible Doctor Xeno's kingdom!
Doctor Xeno?!
She's cute.
Is this really the time?
This is a tough call.
I'd love to help her,
but we can't take her at her word.
What are you going to do, Senku?
Are you all right?
You're safe now.
Come aboard the ship.
Th-Thank you.
Get her inside to treat her wounds!
Slick...
Senku...
She's in! I knew she could do it!
The enemy's all over her!
Stanley's putting her in so
much danger! That asshole!
Man, how many hours are we going
to wait here until we snipe... them...
Right, of course.
We're waiting until she brings the target
out onto the deck. As long as it takes.
And that's what all this water's for?
So you can stay focused for as many
hundreds of hours as it takes?
Stanley's a total freak.
So, which one of you is the
famed science boy, Doctor Taiju?
Hey.
Let's treat your wounds over here.
She's suspicious.
Is it really safe to bring her aboard?
Sure we can. She's got a cute face.
I mean, Senku's a dude, too.
He's head over heels.
He probably has a thing for blondes.
I'm not sure about that.
That woman...
There's a fifty-fifty chance—no,
a 70 percent chance she's an enemy spy.
Not a problem!
We're going to extract everything
she knows about Xeno's crew...
and transmit an encrypted message
to Tsukasa's special squad.
The most powerful weapon in a
science battle is information.
Spy versus spy.
We're two sly foxes outfoxing each other.
I knew it wasn't what it looked like!
I don't see anything that
could be the enemy base.
We can't get more than a rough
idea of where Chrome is, either.
It'd be nice to have a bit more information.
We need to capture the enemy science
leader before they get ours.
That means gathering intel as quickly as we can.
Anyway, we're hoping to cooperate
with you to revive all of humanity!
We aren't going to surrender or anything,
but we're always open to discussions!
So the enemy can hear this, too?
Radio transmissions.
Just in case.
We have to give it a shot, you know?
We don't even know what
Doctor Xeno is like, but...
My mission...
is to find the science leader, Doctor Taiju,
and bring him onto the deck.
That's a lot of people...
This could be pretty tough.
Nah, no problem!
I'm the cool-headed Luna!
The capable woman, Luna!
I can't just go up and ask,
"Which one's Doctor Taiju?"
They're still suspicious of me as it is.
Based on my profiling...
he's an intellectual who single-handedly led
the youth in advancing stone world
science all the way to here.
A hard-working, diligent man who oozes smarts.
That's totally my type!
In other words, I have to
find someone who's my type!
I'll use my own emotions in
the service of my mission!
I'm so cold and capable!
This man?
Nope.
This man?!
This... man...
Nah.
Definitely not.
There's a good chance he won't show himself
that quickly in front of an outsider like me.
I might be in this for the long haul.
Which one is Doctor Taiju?
Taiju-kun.
Yeah?
We were looking for you.
There's something heavy we need you to carry.
Oh, my bad.
I'll be on my way.
Not the ideal image of a scientist...
But that's all right.
Anyone else might have missed you, Doctor Taiju.
Now comes the hard part.
He's going to be aboard the ship,
focused on science work.
He won't be so quick to come outside.
How do I lure him onto the deck?
I'm on my way back on deck!
I just need to point at him!
And... that'll be...
Heya.
Luna-san, was it?
I'm Senku.
It's so natural...
Slick Senku...
He's trying to slowly pry information
about Doctor Xeno out of her.
I need info on Xeno.
Tell me everything you know.
Senku.
What?
I'm right in the middle of interrogations.
Allow Francois to tend to our guest.
We first need her to open up to us.
Please make use of Bar François.
To get her on our side,
we need to answer to her wants!
So long as we don't know what Luna-sama
wants, we'll simply have to guess.
In that case, the one thing that
no one in the world hates...
Ice cream!
I'm gonna need some citations on that.
I'm citing me, the foremost authority on greed.
He's right, though.
I can't think of anything that fewer
people would hate than ice cream.
I've never heard of anyone who
says they don't like ice cream.
The ingredients are exceedingly simple.
Milk.
Sugar.
Gelatin...
Or, in our case, we'll use powdered arrowroot.
It'll give it a smooth texture.
Now we just need some vanilla essence.
Vanilla doesn't grow in the States,
so we're synthesizing ours with science.
I do remember you making some
for Valentine's Day, too.
Wrap a test tube with copper wire,
toss in some iron,
and zap it with some portable high-voltage!
It's glowing purple!
What is he up to?
It smells like a pool!
More like a photocopier.
It's producing ozone.
We're getting further and
further from ice cream!
Are you sure about this?
Is this supposed to work?
Boil some bay leaf extract
in our good friend sodium hydroxide and
infuse it with some of that ozone we made...
and you get vanilla essence.
Out of nowhere!
A sweet scent...
We stir the ingredients well as we let it cool.
Throw some salt onto ice and you can get
it ten or twenty degrees below freezing.
Doctor Taiju's on the deck!
If I go up to him and point...
Whoa, there.
What are you up to?
You're hurt. You need to take it easy.
Thanks. It's okay.
Then just put it in a bag and squeeze it out...
and you've got soft serve.
Here you go.
Was it that electricity?
How did you...
Do you even have vanilla?
When you don't, you make do.
Two million years of human tenacity.
You reach into the fundamentals of
reality—into the molecules—
and make things that aren't supposed to exist.
That's the real thrill of organic chemistry.
No! No!
I'm supposed to be attracted to intellectuals!
Doctor Taiju is the science leader!
I-It came out pretty nicely, huh?
In Xeno's words, it's extremely...
elegant.
Luna...
Was Doctor Xeno a former NASA scientist?
How did you know?!
Who is he?
Doctor Xeno...
He got me started on rocket building.
He's my science mentor.
Next Episode
The Two Scientists
This is a work of fiction, but the plants,
animals, and production methods described are based on reality.
Foraging and making things on your own accord is extremely dangerous
and, in some cases, illegal. Please do not imitate without expertise.